so thousand and 80 cases were identified
550 where AM L sandforce permission 535
or MDS data came from 89 centers from
around the world this is truly an
international effort the results were
compared in four different groups we
analyzed transferred related mortality
relapse sprayed from the final leukemia
free survival in patients according to
whether they were 42 54 years old 55 to
59 years old 62 64 years old for greater
than 65 years of age surprisingly the
transplant related mortality the relapse
rate in the leukemia free survival were
similar in all groups regardless of age
and when the multivariate analysis was
done only disease stage and donor
matching resulted in important
prognostic factors for outcomes this
allows us to conclude that for older
patients with a few myelogenous leukemia
a mile dysplastic syndrome our genetic
trans men with the reduced intensity
regimen will result in long-term disease
control and probably cure it should be
considered a valid therapeutic strategy
for these patients and that age should
no longer be considered a
contraindication prowl genetic
transplant in this population we also
think that this further should support
the use of or the coverage of our
genetic transplant for patients from all
this plastic syndrome in the United
States how widespread in countries where
reimbursement isn't an issue and
widespread is their reluctance to
undertake HCT in older patients that is
an excellent question if you take aside
resource availability and and payment
issues I think the reluctance is based
on physician perceptions about toxicity
and the reason i think this study is
important one of the reasons i think the
study is important is because it dispels
that notion acute leukemia in order
patients or mdf virus disease as
median life expectancy of less than a
year and a half so these disease even
with modern therapy outside of
transplantation are stealing our
patients an enormous amount of time so
this at least gives them the option of
you know curative therapy which can
extensively expand their you know their
reproductive life so the fact that you
know you were more experienced than life
shouldn't detract you from being able to
get a therapy of potentially curative